feat: Docs Pages (add pages fo Go via C++) (#356)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: en/go-cpp/parsing/_index.md

---
title: Parse PDF documents
linktitle: Parse PDF documents
type: docs
weight: 65
url: /go-cpp/parsing/
description: Do you want to parse PDF documents? Discover various PDF data extraction methods with Aspose.PDF for Go via C++.
lastmod: "2024-09-05"
sitemap:
    changefreq: "monthly"
    priority: 0.7
---

**Parse PDF** documents is a term releated to extraction variuous kind of information from PDF file. This section covers how to:

> - [Extract Text from PDF](/pdf/go-cpp/extract-text-from-pdf/). The next Go code snippet demonstrates how to use the Aspose.PDF library to extract text from a PDF file and display it in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Extract Text from PDF](/pdf/go-cpp/extract-text-from-pdf/). The following example in Go demonstrates how to use the Aspose.PDF library to extract text from a PDF file and display it in the console.
```
